README.rst, before:

What is MinistryOfPackages?
=============================

A simple Python package index server implementation, meant for internal use
(at least for now). It requires Tornado (http://www.tornadoweb.org), and
it's tested with pip and Python 2.7 It is not tested with easy_install, and
easy_install support is not a near-term goal or priority (Please use pip)

What Works Now?
===================

Right now, MinistryOfPackages is usable for simple use cases: 

1. It has DirectoryListing support, and that's completely generic. It's
   meant to be used by command line tools, but the browser presentation
   works -- it just doesn't have all the fancy icons :)

2. You can do, for example, 'python setup.py sdist upload -r
   http://localhost:8080/dist', and then leverage the directory listing
   capability to go to http://localhost/packages and browse to confirm your
   package made it into the repository. 

3. You can 'pip install -i http://localhost:8080 <pkg>' on the package you
   uploaded in point 2 above.

These features still need more testing and a little polish, but they
generally work.

What's Up Next?
====================

1. Completion of a data model (using Redis) to support
   more of the CLI and browser UI features (like 'register').

2. Fleshing out a proper browser interface. 

What's After That?
====================

1. Proxying requests to PyPI for easy_install, so MinistryOfPackages can be
   your primary index server for everything.

2. Package caching. 

3. PyPI Mirroring (this can technically be done now, but it's not a good
   solution as it stands). 

Feature requests, new ideas, and pull requests are welcome. 

Why are you doing this?
=======================

I'm after a few different things with this project: 

1.  I want something that's blindingly easy to deploy. I don't want to muck
    with WSGI, CGI, FCGI, whatever. I want to write code and run it, and
    have something that works. Having used Tornado for numerous other
    projects (some 'web scale'), I can tell you it works :) 

2.  I want some enterprise-y features like proxy requests and package
    caching.  Those will come later, but I didn't want to start this using a
    huge multi-headed framework because I want to get to them sooner than
    later :)

3.  I want to understand distutils, Python package distribution, and all
    that stuff better.

Commit message:

Updated readme to list pyyaml & tornado dependencies

README.rst, after:

What is MinistryOfPackages?
=============================

A simple Python package index server implementation, meant for internal use
(at least for now). It requires Tornado (http://www.tornadoweb.org), and
it's tested with pip and Python 2.7 It is not tested with easy_install, and
easy_install support is not a near-term goal or priority (Please use pip)

It requires pyyaml and tornado-1.2.x.

What Works Now?
===================

Right now, MinistryOfPackages is usable for simple use cases: 

1. It has DirectoryListing support, and that's completely generic. It's
   meant to be used by command line tools, but the browser presentation
   works -- it just doesn't have all the fancy icons :)

2. You can do, for example, 'python setup.py sdist upload -r
   http://localhost:8080/dist', and then leverage the directory listing
   capability to go to http://localhost/packages and browse to confirm your
   package made it into the repository. 

3. You can 'pip install -i http://localhost:8080 <pkg>' on the package you
   uploaded in point 2 above.

These features still need more testing and a little polish, but they
generally work.

What's Up Next?
====================

1. Completion of a data model (using Redis) to support
   more of the CLI and browser UI features (like 'register').

2. Fleshing out a proper browser interface. 

What's After That?
====================

1. Proxying requests to PyPI for pip, so MinistryOfPackages can be
   your primary index server for everything.

2. Package caching. 

3. PyPI Mirroring (this can technically be done now, but it's not a good
   solution as it stands). 

Feature requests, new ideas, and pull requests are welcome. 

Why are you doing this?
=======================

I'm after a few different things with this project: 

1.  I want something that's blindingly easy to deploy. I don't want to muck
    with WSGI, CGI, FCGI, whatever. I want to write code and run it, and
    have something that works. Having used Tornado for numerous other
    projects (some 'web scale'), I can tell you it works :) 

2.  I want some enterprise-y features like proxy requests and package
    caching.  Those will come later, but I didn't want to start this using a
    huge multi-headed framework because I want to get to them sooner than
    later :)

3.  I want to understand distutils, Python package distribution, and all
    that stuff better.
